Document Scheduled Event Covers (#4380)
hammerandchisel/discord-api-docs: docs/resources/Guild_Scheduled_Event.md

| entity_metadata **    | ?[entity metadata](#DOCS_RESOURCES_GUILD_SCHEDULED_EVENT/guild-scheduled-event-object-guild-scheduled-event-entity-metadata)   | additional metadata for the guild scheduled event                                                                                                                                                                     |
| creator?              | [user](#DOCS_RESOURCES_USER/user-object) object                                                                                | the user that created the scheduled event                                                                                                                                                                             |
| user_count?           | integer                                                                                                                        | the number of users subscribed to the scheduled event                                                                                                                                                                 |

> | image?                | [image data](#DOCS_REFERENCE/image-data)                                                                                       | the cover image of the scheduled event                                                                                                                                                                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| image?                | ?string                                                                                                                        | the [cover image hash](#DOCS_REFERENCE/image-formatting) of the scheduled event                                                                                                                                       |
```
also are you sure that this is optional?

Author: No it isn't.
And the key is in the payloads since the scheduled events got released.
